fixed_labels_on_file_upload (#1611)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [7.17.2] - 2024-02-04
> ### Fixed
> - Uploading files will now accept Labels as part of file Metadata.
> This has not been possible after v 7.0.0.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
## [7.17.2] - 2024-02-04
### Fixed
- Uploading files now accepts Labels again as part of file metadata. This addresses a bug introduced in v7
  (that ironically made `dump` work correctly).
```

Author: Something like this?
